[film reel rattles]
[suspenseful music plays]
[announcer in Japanese] And now,
the moment you have all been waiting for.
The final match of the Sekai Taikai!
[suspenseful music continues]
Fighters, to the mat.
[crowd] Miyagi! Miyagi! Miyagi! Miyagi!
Miyagi! Miyagi!
[dramatic music plays]
[man in English] Kill him, Miyagi-san!
Mr. Miyagi?
What is this?
[men shout]
[referee in Japanese] Set.
[suspenseful music plays]
Begin!
[both grunt]
-[Miyagi grunts]
-[Daniel groans]
[dramatic music plays]
Miyagi, point!
[in English] Mr. Miyagi.
What are you doing?
-It's me.
-[referee speaks Japanese]
[suspenseful music plays]
[referee speaks Japanese]
[grunting]
[Daniel groans]
[tense music plays]
[referee speaks Japanese]
[tense music continues]
If this is a lesson, I'm not getting it.
[in Japanese] Lesson?
-[men shout]
-[referee speaks Japanese]
[tense music continues]
[referee speaks Japanese]
[suspenseful music plays]
[in English] Enough. Just talk to me.
There's so much you never told me.
I just need to understand why.
That was always your problem, Daniel-san.
So eager to understand,
but not willing to accept. [yells]
[dramatic music plays]
[both grunting]
[Miyagi grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
Miyagi never tell you everything,
Daniel-san,
because you were never strong enough
to accept truth. [yells]
[breathes shakily]
[Gunther] This is the traditional seal.
The names of the officials
match our records.
These are the authentic
Sekai Taikai results.
No question.
Sadly, the rare death
did occur in that era.
It was a… different time.
[somber music plays]
[woman whispers]
[Gunther] Hmm. I see. Okay.
Senseis, you'll have to excuse me.
Something has come up.
[somber music continues]
-[Chozen] Sorry, Daniel-san.
-Yeah, it really sucks, man.
But you heard. People died
in fights sometimes back then.
Maybe it was just some freak accident.
But right now, Miyagi-Do's in the finals,
and Cobra Kai's out.
Doesn't get much better than that.
Except winning the whole thing.
Right.
We should get back to the kids.
I don't know.
And then that's it, probably.
-[Sam] Oh man.
-[Miguel] I know.
Are you kidding me? Another one?
Two sponsors dropped me already.
Three more are threatening.
That bitch is lucky she's eliminated,
or I'd wipe the mat with her face.
[Sam] I wonder what kinda sightseeing
we can get in before the fight.
I mean, I know we saw…
Okay, what is this guy's problem?
The night that you flew home,
I ended up running into him on the beach.
And we got talking,
and I guess he got the wrong idea
and tried to kiss me.
I mean, I… I shut it down.
And nothing happened.
He knows I have a boyfriend. I guess
he's just… not taking it super well.
[Miguel] Yeah.
I get it, but clearly he doesn't.
[somber music plays]
Hey.
You going back home already?
You okay?
Pretty far from it.
Look. I, um…
I owe you an apology.
I should've never let Kwon
get into my head.
I know better than that.
I know you better than that.
Pressure of the tournament
got to me, and--
I can't do this right now.
This whole thing just turned to shit.
Like everything always does.
I never should've let myself
believe in any of it.
Does "any of it" include me?
[Kwon] Not your team.
[speaks Korean]
It means, uh…
[inhales] How would you say in American?
Lucky bastard.
What happened in match yesterday
will never
happen
again.
[tense music plays]
It's a good thing
I don't have to find out.
Lucky me.
Get home safe.
Please.
See you there.
[tense music continues]
[Kwon] Byung-Shin does not deserve
to be in next round.
That is my spot.
I guess you shouldn't have
let him kick your ass.
What did you say?
[Tory] You heard me.
You cost me my spot.
And what would you have done with it?
Zara would destroy you,
then celebrate with your boyfriend.
[tense music continues]
Say that again.
You heard me.
[tense music continues]
-[speaks Korean]
-[Kim Da-Eun] Enough!
We are already returning
to my grandfather in disgrace.
Are you trying to add to our shame?
[in Korean] Get your mind right.
-[in English] Hey, bro. How'd it go?
-[sighs] Pretty much how you'd expect it.
Once all the craziness dies down,
you guys are gonna figure it out.
Maybe. Not much I can do until then
but give her room. So…
In the meantime,
we got a tournament to win.
Yeah, we do. [chuckles]
And look, I… I gotta say,
all things being equal,
it's pretty sweet knowing
that Cobra Kai's not a threat anymore.
[ominous music plays]
[police officer] John Kreese,
you're under arrest.
What did you do?
[Silver] You look a little tense, John.
Just like the old days.
Why couldn't you let sleeping dogs lie?
[elevator dings]
-[man 1] Yes. Thank you so much.
-[Silver] Great to meet you.
[Master Kim] Always focus on prize.
[ominous music plays]
Never see enemies standing in way.
[ominous music continues]
[Silver] Talk to me.
[Master Kim] Now you understand…
[Silver] All right.
[Master Kim] …that nothing
will ever stand in our way
again.
[ominous music continues]
[Silver] Perfect.
Yes.
Just make sure
they blast it out to the world.
[Wolf] Who was that?
[Silver] My media team.
I wanna make sure
press around the world covers this.
-Are your fighters ready?
-[Wolf] Zara and Axel are always ready.
Miyagi-Do will be humiliated
in front of everyone.
[Silver] Too bad
we can't humiliate Cobra Kai.
-They already did that to themselves.
-[Wolf laughs]
[Silver] Yeah. [laughs]
[announcer over PA] Attention,
Sekai Taikai competitors.
All dojos convene immediately
in the main lobby,
including those who have been eliminated.
[Gunther] My apologies
for summoning you all like this.
But under the circumstances,
it was necessary.
The Sekai Taikai has a long
and honorable tradition.
We fight hard,
but we fight fair.
That's why
I'm saddened to announce
that one of the dojos here
has tarnished that tradition by cheating.
-[man 1] Whoa.
-[woman] Who?
Cheating?
[man 2] What?!
[tense music plays]
Sensei Ivanov.
[tense music continues]
Four of your students have tested positive
for performance-enhancing drugs.
-[man 3] That's just not right.
-[man 4] I knew it!
-You are hereby eliminated.
-What the hell are you talking about?
-You're hereby removed from our finalists.
-Bullshit!
Why don't you come over here
and remove me yourself?
Sensei Ivanov!
[dramatic music plays]
Consider yourself fortunate
that your dojo wasn't banned forever.
Continue this behavior,
and that could be arranged easily!
[dramatic music continues]
Replacing Udar Tigra
will be the dojo
with the next highest point total.
Wait.
That means…
Cobra Kai.
[dramatic music plays]
-Yeah! Yes!
-[Yoon] Yes!
Of course.
[Gunther] And on a more positive note,
we'll now announce
the draws for our semifinals.
[tense music plays]
In our girls' bracket,
the first semifinal will be
Maria Àlvarez
versus Zara Malik.
And in the second match,
that will pit Tory Nichols…
against Samantha LaRusso.
[tense music continues]
[Gunther] In our boys' bracket,
our first semifinal match
will be
Diego Aguilar
versus Kwon Jae-Sung.
And our second semifinal match will pit
Axel Kovačević
against Robby Keene.
[Robby grunts]
[tense music continues]
[Gunther] Good luck
to all our semifinalists.
We look forward
to seeing you tomorrow at the venue.
[tense music continues]
Axel the Invincible,
and Sam-Tory chapter a billion.
It's less than ideal.
You got this.
[Johnny] Screw this horseshit, man.
How many times
do we have to kill that son of a bitch?
Kreese is like a cockroach.
But he is not one fighting on mat.
Sensei Chozen's right. We have the rest
of the day to tune up for tomorrow.
What's the plan?
Knock Kreese's head off his neck,
for starters.
[Sam] Dad?
-Dad?
-What?
Training?
For our final fights?
We'll run through the usual stuff.
Senseis need time to discuss.
Go get changed. Uh, meet me at gym, hmm.
Must pull heads out of asses.
Forget Kreese.
Forget Miyagi-san.
Sam and Robby face strong opponents.
Great pressure.
They need guidance.
Need senseis.
They need their fathers.
I will warm them up
while you think of one last lesson.
But think quickly,
or I will pull heads from asses for you.
Maybe we need to smack 'em around a bit.
Not actually us.
Get eight to ten locals.
Give 'em some pesos.
Line 'em up,
and let Sam and Robby run the gauntlet.
Terrific. As long as the kids are out
of the hospital in time for their matches.
[Johnny] Toguchi's right, man.
This is our last kick at the can.
Got any better ideas, let me know.
How about not endangering our captains
before they even step on the mat?
-Come on.
-News flash, LaRusso.
The world's a dangerous place.
They can handle it.
What the hell you think
we've been teaching 'em?
I'm beginning
to wonder that myself these days.
I opened up Miyagi-Do
to help these kids defend themselves.
And now it's just been
one fight after another.
Maybe defense only is just
bullshit.
Maybe we're not supposed to be here.
Wanna doubt everything
Miyagi taught you? Go nuts.
Don't tell me you're thinking
of backing out at the finish line.
Look, Miyagi-Do
was never about tournaments.
Unbelievable.
I should've known, as soon as the shit
hit the fan, you'd pussy out.
Oh. There's the asshole I know.
Kreese never fails
to bring him out, does he?
To guys like you and him,
everyone's a pussy.
No, not everyone. Just you.
Biggest pussy I ever met.
Call me pussy again, see what happens.
I've called you pussy 1,000 times.
You don't do shit.
Well, you've caught me
on a pretty shitty day.
[Miguel] Hey, hey, hey!
What the hell are you two doing?
[Kreese] Second chances
don't come very often.
But I will be damned
if we don't make the best of this one.
[tense music plays]
We will return home with honor.
[Kim Da-Eun speaks Korean]
[exclaims]
[tense music continues]
[Kwon grunts]
The two of you have been chosen
as my champions.
[Kwon exclaims]
Because both of you
have that fight inside you.
-[Tory grunts]
-Now it is time to let it all out.
Harness your pain.
-Focus that rage.
-[Kwon grunts]
And target your enemy.
And then,
and only then…
-[Kim Da-Eun speaks Korean]
-[both grunt]
…unleash hell.
[operatic music plays]
[Kreese] Nichols.
[music fades]
With me.
[Kim Da-Eun speaks Korean]
Sorry, I don't know what's wrong.
-I'll get there.
-When?
-What?
Nichols, this is war.
In war,
you destroy your enemy,
or your enemy destroys you.
They're not my enemies.
They're my friends.
Friends won't make you a champion.
They'll let you down.
[somber music plays]
Betray you.
And they certainly won't
help you out on that mat.
Every one of us is alone in this world.
You know that better than most.
But if you go out there thinking
that Samantha LaRusso is your friend,
then you can kiss your victory
and your future goodbye.
[somber music continues]
Do you understand?
Yes, Sensei.
I can't hear you.
Yes, Sensei!
Good.
[somber music continues]
[music fades]
[Miguel] I'm not leaving until
the two of you tell me what's going on.
It's fine with me. It's a topless beach.
I'm serious. I thought
you guys were done with this shit.
We were. But we never really are, I guess.
LaRusso just found out
his sensei isn't who he thought he was.
And I found out
mine is exactly who I thought he was.
-And I'm never getting rid of him.
-[Miguel] It sucks.
But it doesn't change the fact
that you turned a bunch of bullied kids
into one of the most badass dojos
this world has ever seen. Okay?
Sure, you taught us some things
that your senseis taught you,
but you guys added
something new on top of it.
I mean, shit.
Did Kreese turn
a… a wimpy, skinny little kid
into one of the All-Valley champs
in six months?
-Did he fix me when I was broken?
-Not a chance.
No way.
And Mr. Miyagi, I mean,
did he take every single one of those kids
from the Valley when Cobra Kai came back?
Did he crane-kick Silver
out of the Valley for good?
Okay!
So are you two gonna let
your issues with your senseis
keep you from doing
what you need to be doing?
Going in there and being the senseis that
we need to win this world tournament?
-Hell no.
-You make a good point.
Damn right he does.
What do you say we hit the gym
and get Sam and Robby ready to win this?
[rock music plays]
I got a better idea.
-[Johnny] Let's go!
-[Daniel] Come on, keep it up!
[Johnny speaks Spanish]
Miguel, move it!
-That's it. That's it, Sam!
-Yeah!
[rock music continues]
[Sam] Hai! Hai!
Hai!
[Robby] Ais!
[rock music continues]
[Sam] Hai!
Hai!
Come on.
Come on, let's go.
[rock music continues]
Hai! Hai! Hai! Hai!
Go, push it! Let's go, let's go.
Let's go, Sam!
[rock music continues]
[music fades]
[Gunther] And now, the moment
you've all been waiting for.
The Sekai Taikai Tournament of Champions.
[dramatic music plays]
Welcome, competitors,
to the semifinal round
of the Sekai Taikai.
Each dojo will retain the points
they have accumulated thus far.
Each match will consist of
three two-minute rounds
with unlimited scoring
and no stoppages.
One point for a hit.
Ten for a knockdown.
And should anyone score a knockout,
that's worth 20.
So it's still anyone's tournament to win.
Because at this stage of the tournament,
no deficit is too large to overcome.
Best of luck to you all.
And may the best dojo win.
[cheering on TV]
[Amanda] Okay, we got pizza.
[Anthony] Got that for you.
It's not for nothing, Mom,
but last time it was homemade.
Oh. Well, you know where the kitchen is.
Go knock yourself out.
Right.
[announcer] Ladies and gentlemen,
competitors and senseis,
please welcome to the mat
our first semifinalists.
[exciting music plays]
From Furia de Pantera, Diego Aguilar.
And from Cobra Kai, Kwon Jae-Sung.
[exciting music continues]
[referee] Positions.
Bow to me. Bow to each other.
[exciting music continues]
Fighters ready.
Fight!
[crowd cheering]
[exciting music continues]
-[Diego groans]
-Point!
[exciting music continues]
[tense music plays]
Here we are.
-Moment of truth.
-[referee] Point!
Got a few butterflies?
Just one or two.
-Embrace them.
-[referee] Point!
They're just there to remind you
how much you want this.
How are you doing with the Tory of it all?
[referee] Point!
Conflicted, I guess.
It would be nice to step out on the mat
just once without any drama.
There's always gonna be some kinda drama.
You can't control that.
You can only control how you handle it.
[referee] Point!
[dramatic music plays]
[grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[both grunt]
[music stops]
[crowd cheering]
[announcer] The winner by knockout,
earning an impressive
27 points for Cobra Kai,
along with the first spot
in our boys' final,
Kwon Jae-Sung!
[ominous music plays]
Next up, Maria Àlvarez
from Furia de Pantera
against Zara Malik of Iron Dragons.
-[both grunt]
-[referee] Fight!
[grunting]
[tense music plays]
Point!
[dramatic music plays]
[music fades]
The Dragons' captain
is fast and agile, but
I doubt she's ever had to break
slate rock with her fists.
[fighters grunt]
[referee] Point!
Point!
[applause]
-I'm not worried about her.
-Oh?
Though certainly worried about something.
And if you're not focused 100%,
you risk defeat.
For all of us.
[referee] Point!
I guess I've been wondering,
is it worth it?
Is what worth it?
Winning.
Over everything else.
That's what your grandfather's karate's
all about, right?
Why you're so scared to go home in defeat.
Why you and Sensei Kreese push me so hard.
Yes.
Being the best requires discipline.
Sacrifice.
I get that.
[dramatic music plays]
I mean, you're the best I've ever seen.
So you must have sacrificed a lot.
Friends.
Relationships.
Any life outside of karate.
So I guess what I'm asking is,
was it worth it?
[dramatic music continues]
Absolutely.
-[referee] Point!
-[crowd cheering]
[dramatic music plays]
Point!
[fighters grunt]
[referee] Point! Point! Point!
[Zara yells]
[referee] Hold!
Winner!
[announcer] And Zara Malik
moves on to the girls' final
with a dominant shutout.
[inaudible]
[announcer] Up next,
our second boys' semifinal,
Axel Kovačević of Iron Dragons
versus Robby Keene of Miyagi-Do.
[tense music plays]
This is everything
you've been working for.
You earned it.
Breathe, focus, stay centered.
Give him everything you got.
And then you give him more.
[speaks Japanese]
-Yeah! Come on!
-Yeah, Robby!
-Right here!
-Come on!
[Miguel] Let's go, Robby!
[cheering]
Yeah!
[epic music plays]
[suspenseful music plays]
[referee] Ready!
[suspenseful music continues]
Fight!
[tense music plays]
Ais.
[Axel grunts]
[tense music continues]
-Ais.
-[Axel grunts]
Shit.
[Daniel] His defense is on point.
Robby can't get through.
[grunting]
[tense music continues]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Wolf] Axel!
[suspenseful music continues]
[in Chinese] Attack!
[tense music plays]
[Robby grunts]
-[referee in English] Point!
-Shit. His offense is even better.
[referee] Point!
Point!
Defense, Robby!
[breathes deeply]
[tense music plays]
Are you going to keep defending,
or are you going to fight?
-[Johnny] Hey!
-Come on!
[Robby panting]
[Robby groans]
-Hey!
-[crowd jeering]
Is bullshit!
[Axel grunts]
-[man] What is he doing?
-[Chozen] What is this?
What the hell is your problem, huh?
Cheap shot, bitch. Wanna try it again?
[tense music plays]
-Try it again.
-Hit me.
What's up?
Stop. Stop this!
Get ahold of yourselves.
-Bring it, Romeo!
-Hey!
Everybody off the mat now!
Or this tournament--
[microphone squeaks]
[in Russian] Let's go!
-[in English] Yeah!
-Yeah!
Let's fucking go!
Come on!
[dramatic music plays]
[Robby groans]
-[Axel grunts]
-[Miguel groans]
[dramatic music continues]
[man] Let's do this!
Robby!
[dramatic music continues]
Somebody's gotta stop this!
-Come on!
-No, no!
Drug test this!
[in Russian] Bitch!
[tense music plays]
[in English] Hey! Try that with me, punk.
[Miguel groans]
Shit.
Get off him! Robby!
Tory!
Pathetic. You think
you belong in the finals?
Let's find out.
[both grunt]
[dramatic music plays]
You're mine, Nichols!
[Hawk] Little help?
[dramatic music continues]
Nichols! Kwon! Stop!
[woman] Come here, bitch!
I'll rip that ponytail off head!
[Kim Da-Eun groans]
[dramatic music continues]
My hero.
Or was that another mistake?
This time, no mistake.
-[both grunt]
-Just heat of battle.
[man grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[Kenny] Devon, come on!
[music stops]
Told you we should've snuck
onto that plane in someone's luggage!
Totally. I mean,
we got mad brawl experience.
How the hell does this keep happening?
It's gonna be okay, Mom.
I think.
Robby!
Please, sir. Sir, please don't do this.
[referee groans]
[Wolf] John Lawrence.
One of us is about to have
a lot more fun than the other.
Out of my way, asshole.
I've had enough fun for the day.
[Wolf] Let's go, Sensei.
[tense music plays]
[Dennis grunts]
[Daniel] You again?
[man grunts]
[Kwon] This is for last time.
[Kwon yells]
[dramatic music plays]
-[Johnny groans]
-[music fades]
[tense music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
Come on, you roided-out bitch!
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[snarls]
[music stops]
Dasvidaniya, you son of a bitch.
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
Enough!
[dramatic music continues]
Two on one.
Might actually get a good workout.
Work this out, motherfu--
[Wolf grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[tense music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
Kenny!
[Devon exclaims]
[dramatic music continues]
-Nice one!
-Yeah, you too.
Come on!
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
Hola.
Uh… Uh-uh.
[grunts]
[ominous music plays]
Johnny, Johnny, John.
Welcome to your rude awakening.
[ominous music continues]
[Silver] What's the matter, John?
You lose something?
[Kreese] Nah.
I guess I'm gonna have to finish this
with my bare hands.
-Let's go.
-Ais!
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
Ais!
-Gotcha!
-Hai!
[Silver groans]
[dramatic music continues]
[Tory] Kiss this, bitch.
[both grunt]
[dramatic music continues]
[Tory groans]
[Zara grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
Ais!
[Zara] You're weak!
Go!
[suspenseful music plays]
[Robby yells]
[uplifting music plays]
-[Zara grunts]
-[Tory groans]
[Robby] Get off her!
[uplifting music continues]
You'd really choose her over me?
It's not even close.
[Tory groans]
-[Zara grunts]
-[Robby groans]
[tense music plays]
[Tory groans]
Hai!
[suspenseful music plays]
[distant shouting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Kreese groans]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting continues]
[Sam] And stay down!
[fighters grunt]
[dramatic music continues]
Holy shit.
Thanks.
Any time.
[Sam yells]
[dramatic music continues]
Keene!
-[Kwon yells]
-[Sam] Robby!
[dramatic music continues]
[Axel yells]
[Wolf yells]
[Wolf grunts]
-[Wolf yells]
-[man yells]
[dramatic music continues]
-[Axel grunts]
-[Kwon groans]
-[glass shatters]
[yells]
[ominous music plays]
[laughs]
[Kwon breathes heavily]
[Kwon laughs]
[ominous music continues]
[Kreese groans]
Oh, it's a goddamn shame it came to this.
You saved me in that cage
all those years ago.
[ominous music continues]
You should have stayed in yours.
Oh, that's it, that's it. Come on!
Keep fighting!
To the end!
[grunting]
[suspenseful music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
Why?
I owed you one.
Let's go, pretty boy.
[Silver grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[both grunting]
[Johnny grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[yells]
[Kwon yells]
[Daniel] Kwon! No!
[dramatic music continues]
[Kwon yells in pain]
[tense music plays]
[somber music plays]
-[Daniel] Kwon?
-[woman 1] He's not moving.
It's Kwon.
Was that a knife?
[woman 2] That's a lot of blood.
[woman 3] Something's wrong.
[dramatic music plays]
[tense music plays]
Cut the feed.
Cut the feed!
[somber music plays]
[music fades]